Read me file
The project of AES includes 3 functions. They are as follows:
1. KeyGen() : this function is responsible of generation of random 256 bit keys and initial parameter to encrypt the data stored in the file. First the key is generated and then being stored in the file name key.txt. Initially the program was throwing illegal key size exception which was corrected by downloading Java Cryptographic Extension (JCE) and replaced US_export policy jar and local_policy jar file.
2. Enc(): this function is used to encrypt the data by reading the data from the file plaintext.txt which is to be encrypted and then converting it into cipher text and storing it into another file named ciphertext.txt by reading the secret key stored in key.txt(in hexadecimal format) and also randomly generating iv which is stored in iv.txt. The initial vector and secret key both are used to encrypt the data in AES CBC mode.
3. Decryption(): this function is used decrypt the data after reading the cipher text from the file ciphertext.txt and storing the plaintext again in the result.txt file using the same key which is being generated by the function keyGen() function and initial vector in Enc() function.

With the addition to this there are 2 other functions which are cbcmode() and ecbmode(). 
These functions are basically used to encrypt and decrypt the data using 2 different modes of AES. 
cbcmode(): it encrypts and decrypts the data using CBC mode  using same secret key and initial parameter which we generated before in  keyGen() function. 
ecbmode(): It encrypts and decrypts the data in eco mode using same secret key which we generated before .
Configurations:
The Operating System used is MAC 
java version "1.8.0_144"
Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.8.0_144-b01)
Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM (build 25.144-b01, mixed mode) 
Before running of the code you need:
1. key.txt to store key of 256 bits.
2. iv.txt to store initialization vector of 16 bytes or 128 bits.
3. plaintext.txt to store the data which needs to be encrypted.
4. Ciphertext.txt to store Ciphertext which is generated after applying AES.
5. result.txt: to store the data which is generated after decryption is applied on the cipher text
